Hello! 
With a real functioning AI chatbot I would love to see answers for below questions  The Opex Drivers project was focusing on the U+4 report (ACT vs FCST)  that is supposed to help us generate commentary. So my dream was the chatbot but it was more of a model that generated commentary based on the input from a human. (We had to generate the report and drag and drop into the snowflake environment) 
 
Selection = Selected Cost centers, GL accounts, Profit centers, Period, Functional Area

What are the key drivers for differences in "Selection" when we are checking the actuals compared to Forecast ? (ACT VS FCST)
Compare Period A to Period B (for example compare Q1 FY26 to Q1 FY25) - selection should be possible here as well and list the key differences and draw assumptions. 
Based on selected period (for example the past 18 months or 36 months etc...) can you provide trend analysis for selection. (example: consulting trend analysis for AMS RA team) 
Can you suggest a forecast to me that takes into account the seasonality of expenses based on the trend of the past 3 years for selection? ( for example help in forecasting tech costs for Global SVC teams)
How much was the merit, annualization effect in "Selection" - how much are the open positions in our forecast.
Can you simulate how much can we save if we postpone hiring for "Selection'
Can you simulate how much we can save if we move Team A from Location X to Location Y
General questions like how much the total cost of employee in an entity or CC, or how much is the average travel spend.... etc.
Some additional ideas:
Provide a cost center based information about SHS crosscharges from past 1 year, and provide proposal for future months or next year, compare proposal to forecast and propose adjustment needs
Provide vendor based information for selected cost type ( consulting, tech cost, contractor etc )
Provide monthly hiring trend information related to new joiners, termination, check average hiring time and provide proposal for future growth based on past one year trend
Analyze bad debt per customer comparing their outstandings trend from the past 1 year, highlight risky customers
Create comparisons for certain cost type or FTE to Install base, revenue, provide insights where we can see understaffed or overstaffed situation
